And the wall,
which helps to lead.
Which helps to lead?
What does that mean?
Well, I understood, it's a divine God.
Yes, I understood.
So if you listen to the wall and your true
path,
or the discrepancy, or the discrepancy, what Pascal said, I
can't do it now, but I read it, and I
don't remember, I have a book to read.
It's already three -knot.
Yes, you have to read it already.
I'll tell you another one.
Yes, I'll tell you another one.
When I was in a program,
and there were people from different regions in the country,
and they were all like, like, leadership and quality.
I also went to school at the university, and when
everyone comes, you see a course of 100 people and
all the Olympics.
Yes.
And how do they live?
You go through this moment,
when a bunch of leaders start to look at you,
then they try to find a way out.
At the beginning of the crisis, every day.
There is always a crisis.
Especially when you came here from the province, and there
are some people who go to school in Kolomagor, and
then you start to understand what they are doing.
And they are also doing normal things.
And there were 15 people, I looked at them, and
they started to provoke us.
Who would offer such an obvious idea?
It was at the beginning of the 1990s.
Yes, it was at the beginning of the 1990s.
And then, then, I have already such a
strategy,
and then I have a quote from it.
If you see the goal,
and the leader who offers his own movements, then turn
to the goal and start.
You can explain.
If I see the goal, but if there is a
leader who offers this goal, then everyone has to follow
their own things.
You turn to your goal, and you think that you
will be the one to do it.
And you start.
Yes.
And you come back to your goal, and you come
back to your goal.
Interesting.
In other words, I turn to people, and start to
listen to them.
Yes.
And at the same time, every time you step up,
but in the end, it is very symbolic.
Well, I don't know, maybe it exists, but it's...
It's symbolic.
Yes.
Cool.
Well, it's like this from physics, too.
Well, yes.
Yes.
You were in a large number of countries,
cities,
around the age of confidence, there are three countries that
you...
three cities that you like to come back to.
I can immediately say that I like states.
Well, there will be a lot of Kazakhstan, right?
Yes, there will be.
And I don't want to live here, even in other
countries.
In America, some countries, there.
I...
I liked...
I was in the whole of America, but I liked...
these...
North, anish downloaded...
Hagayev.
Hagayev?
Northwest.
Middle East, Hagayev, Alliance.
Neither do I know either the name.
This is called Conquerous, let me take this one out.
Did you already remember the first time in US?
Yes, it really was.
It was...
On January 31.
April 31.
How long?
90th to say.
That's not true yet but it's still in the US.
We've been flying across the US for years,
and it has been a lot of difficult times.
So, you've been shooting up like that for years, since
the last time you saw him.
Yes, he's a Deputy Supervisor in the USSR, and we're
in the area together.
And here I ...
I have a very good feeling about it.
It wasn't that bad, but it wasn't that bad.
I had a video in New York, Then you were
in Las Vegas, and you were there?
No, no, there was a delegation now.
There were some deputies too.
Well, it was my first abroad.
And I didn't say that Brazil was in prison.
I looked at it and said, how did you not
accept it?
And what I was saying now, why?
It seemed to me that if there were foreign countries,
it would be easier for them to go to the
US.
I don't know why.
Maybe they are the same people.
They are the same people.
I don't know if it's easier for them to go
to the US.
It was close to the Caucasus.
Yes, it was very fast.
It wasn't as technological.
You were talking about the Caucasus.
How did you feel about working with them?
He was a lot of people.
Well, I would say that he is a group.
That's why I...
I was the only one who got there.
There was no wall in this movement.
I don't know if it was enough.
There was a theater in front of me.
In fact, in the end,
there was an atomic energy.
It was an atomic energy.
Yes, but I didn't fly.
I was just talking about science.
I was talking about it.
There were people who tried to build something.
They were not able to build something.
In fact, some kind of a chemical plant is standing
there.
People are afraid of the air.
People are afraid of it.
They are afraid of it.
This is one of the examples.
Of course, it's not in many cases.
It's not a matter of time.
I don't know what was wrong with it.
I remember one of the performances.
On the 16th of December, he was dancing.
He was 20 when he was in school.
I remember his phrase.
I still remember his phrase.
From independence through independence to independence.
In other words, independence is not a final point.
You need to go further.
I mean, there is still...
There was a fight in my phrase.
Well, he is already fighting.
Yes, he is a teacher there.
I don't know.
I mean, he was able to go there.
In general, he was with him.
Yes, he was with him.
I'm not saying that he was constantly with him.
In this fight,
when he moved forward, he was also a hypocrite.
And then I also worked in an institute.
Why?
He was with Vili.
He was with our director.
I don't know.
We talked about it.
We didn't talk about it.
I believe that he was with him too.
He was with him too.
At this moment, he supported him.
That's why he was with us.
That's how it is.
Okay, let's ask the audience.
Something like this.
For the wider audience.
But it's interesting or forgotten.
Well, maybe you are talking about it.
For example,
I would like to say that I don't want to
tell anyone about it.
I don't know if you have said it or said
it.
I mean,
I don't want to tell anyone about it.
That is, today, I have created such a environment and
I want to tell people about it.
You don't allow them
to solve the question.
Well, you can help them.
If you don't trust your own conscience.
Because we are older.
We are standing in today's information flow.
It's going to be faster
than what we can give to the information.
Therefore,
in this situation, it's better to answer their questions and
don't hesitate.
Don't hesitate.
It's my experience.
Because the last year, I talked to the young and
I see when you listen to them.
Everything is clear.
Don't hesitate.
Even when I have a lot of things now,
I already look and I can't even try to teach
them.
What do you discuss with them?
How do you deal with your ideas?
Well, in general, they ask stories and they
find it themselves.
Then they start and you were there.
They explain it to me and tell me what you
do.
I can't even afford it.
I understand.
But this is the principle that I don't know.
I would say that today it's even more important because
the information flow that comes to the young and young
generation is something new.
You don't say anything new.
You just have to create such a turbulence in your
consciousness.
And the question
when you have such a question a lot of time
to share with your children.
Okay, interesting.
For parents, a lot of time to share with your
children.
If you don't have your children, the question will be
how many of you have shared your parents with your
children?
I don't know.
I've never asked you this question.
It's a question
of Patrick Oshonov from the podcast, and the two of
us have a question.
Let's try this question.
What is your approach to you?
Agdabra is your approach
that you will all remember for your whole life.
Maybe it's a school period.
What is your approach to you?
Maybe someone told you something recommended.
Well, if you are all in your career, look at
it.
So,
I think
I have a very positive to any person in the
middle.
As I said, because I am automatically surrounded by my
character, and from the point of view, from the point
of view of any person, and if you are even
a good person, you can say that you are a
good person.
You can say that you are not a good person,
and I say that you are a good person, so
I don't even listen to this question.
I have a lot of questions.
I have a lot of questions, so I am not
even...
Great.
And one message that you would like to hear from
our viewers to remember from this episode?
Yes, a specific message.
Yes, it should be.
Maybe it's a resume, because we have discussed everything.
Well, a resume, which may be a resume, that it
may be like this, I don't know how to say
it.
I am a resume that is the people who...
well, may be close to everyone, the science and so
on.
I want to say that
money can not be motivation for what to do with
science.
This is an axiom.
That is, if you are interested in money,
do business, and as I said, it is not a
bad thing to do, it is very good, and you
need to go to the same science.
Well, you need to do the money to science, and
it is better not to waste time.
Therefore, you have to be motivated to do it simply.
Or to be able to...
To be able to...
To be able
to...